 # Book Traders 

## Privacy Policy

Catain Ghita Aurelian built the Book Traders app as a Free app. <br /> <br /> This SERVICE is provided by Catain Ghita Aurelian at no cost and is intended for use as is.  <br />
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.  <br />
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The application no longer collects any personal data.  <br />
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Book Traders unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.  <br />
### Information Collection and Use <br />
The application no longer collects any personal data and any databases or records have been erased. <br /> <br />
Apart from the built-in Google Play Services, the app does use other third party services that may collect information used to identify you. <br />
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:  <br />
[Google Play Services(https://support.google.com/android/answer/10546414?hl=en) <br />

### Cookies <br />
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory.  <br />
This Service does not use these “cookies”.
### Service Providers <br />
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: <br />
To facilitate our Service; <br />
To provide the Service on our behalf; <br />
To perform Service-related services; or <br />
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. <br />
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.  <br /> <br />
### Security <br />
The application no longer collects any personal data and any databases or records have been erased. <br /> <br />
### Links to Other Sites <br />
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.  <br /> <br />
### Children’s Privacy <br />
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.  <br /> <br />
### Changes to This Privacy Policy <br />
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.  <br /> <br />
### Contact Us <br />
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at catalinghita8@gmail.com <br />
This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator. <br />

